[CELEBORN-849][DOC] Document on Master (#1772)
apache/incubator-celeborn: docs/developers/master.md

ids. Upon receiving heartbeat from `Worker`, `Master` compares local shuffle ids with `Worker`'s, and tells the
`Worker` to clean up the unknown shuffles.

Heartbeat for `LifecycleManager` also carries total file count and bytes written by the app, so `Master` can calculate
estimated file size by `Sum(bytes) / Sum(files)`.

## High Availability
Celeborn achieves `Master` HA through Raft.

Practically, `Master` replicates cluster and shuffle information among
multiple participants of `Ratis`. Any state-changing RPC will only be ACKed after the leader replicates logs to the
majority of participants.

## Slots Allocation
Upon receiving `RequestSlots`, `Master` allocates a (pair of) slot for each `PartitionLocation` of the shuffle. As `Master`
maintains all disks' status of all `Worker`s, it can leverage that information to achieve better load balance.

Currently, Celeborn supports two allocation strategies:

- Round Robin
- Load Aware

For both strategies, `Master` will only allocate slots on active `Worker`s with available disks.

During the allocation process, `Master` also simulates the space usage. For example, say a disk's usable space is 1GiB,

> and the estimated file size for each `PartitionLocation` is 64MiB, then at most 16 slots will be allocated on that disk.

Reviewer: could you explain how does Celeborn dynamically adjusts the estimated partition size too?

Author: updated

#### Round Robin
Round Robin is the simplest allocation strategy. The basic idea is:

- Calculate available slots that can be allocated on each disk
- Allocate slots among all `Worker`s and all disks in a round-robin fashion, decrement one after allocating, and
  exclude if no slots available on a disk or `Worker`
- If the cluster's total available slots is not enough, re-run the algorithm for un-allocated slots as if each
  disk has infinite capacity

#### Load Aware

> For heterogeneous clusters, `Workers` may have different CPU/disk/network performance, so it's necessary to allocate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For heterogeneous clusters, `Worker`s may have different CPU/disk/network performance, so it's necessary to allocate
```
